c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\bin\Debug\ObservationPattern.exe.config
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\bin\Debug\ObservationPattern.exe
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\bin\Debug\ObservationPattern.pdb
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\CurrentConditions.g.cs
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ForecastDisplay.g.cs
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\StatistcsDisplay.g.cs
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ObservationPattern_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ObservationPattern_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\CurrentConditions.baml
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ForecastDisplay.baml
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\StatistcsDisplay.baml
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ObservationPattern.g.resources
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ObservationPattern.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ObserverPattern.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ObservationPattern.exe
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ObservationPattern.pdb
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ObserverPattern.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObservationPattern\ObservationPattern\bin\Debug\ObservationPattern.exe.config
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\bin\Debug\ObservationPattern.exe.config
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\bin\Debug\ObservationPattern.exe
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\bin\Debug\ObservationPattern.pdb
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ObserverPattern.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\CurrentConditions.g.cs
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ForecastDisplay.g.cs
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\StatistcsDisplay.g.cs
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ObservationPattern_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ObservationPattern_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\CurrentConditions.baml
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ForecastDisplay.baml
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\StatistcsDisplay.baml
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ObservationPattern.g.resources
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ObservationPattern.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ObserverPattern.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ObservationPattern.exe
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\ObserverPattern\ObservationPattern\obj\Debug\ObservationPattern.pdb
