c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\bin\Debug\CommandPattern.exe.config
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\CommandPattern.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\CommandPattern_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\CommandPattern.g.resources
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\CommandPattern.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\CommandPattern.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\bin\Debug\CommandPattern.exe
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\bin\Debug\CommandPattern.pdb
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\CommandPattern.exe
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\CommandPattern.pdb
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\CommandPattern_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\Code\Recivers\Garage\GarageWindow.g.cs
c:\users\gsoghomo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\Code\Recivers\Garage\GarageWindow.baml
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\bin\Debug\Code\Recivers\Stereo\StairwayToHeaven.mp3
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\Code\Recivers\Stereo\StereoWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\Code\Recivers\Stereo\StereoWindow.baml
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\Code\Recivers\Light\LightWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\Code\Recivers\Light\LightWindow.baml
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\personal-private\Design-Patterns\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\bin\Debug\CommandPattern.exe.config
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\personal-private\Design-Patterns\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\CommandPattern.exe
C:\Users\gsoghomo\Desktop\personal-private\Design-Patterns\CommandPattern\CommandPattern\obj\Debug\CommandPattern.pdb
